So how much leadership should you take on if you're coming in to say that
that first leadership position is a petty officer, probably the
lpo. The first thing you want to do is establish those expectations
between your L CPO and whoever you're. All I see is, you know, what
are their expectations of you as now the lpo, the person who's really
down there every day dealing with sailors face to face, who probably
knows more intimately about There are things that are going on, you
know, they're the command as well as behind the scenes, you know,
So you need to get with your leadership and understand. Okay, what
are your expectations is the lpo, and then also let them know what your
expectations are As them is your leaders, they're not going to be
able to provide good service to you or the folks that you're leading
as an L. P O. If you don't provide them what it is you're looking
for, and as a leader, you've got to be able t talk to those that are
in charge of you and ask them what their expectations are as well
as what you expect of them as your leadership. You can't be afraid to
do that. That's one of those challenges now that you're a leader is
t Go out and talk to those folks that that are your superiors and
kind of give them your expectations as well. And I think that kind of
opens up that dialogue and provides that cross. You know, that that
flat line of communication. So that way, everybody is kind of running
on the same gear.